hey guys Jake Jake go back knives
another edition of what's coming out of
the hoe back shop just got a mini quakin
done for my wife it's her birthday on
Wednesday so she's a bigger knife fan as
I am maybe if not more for flippers so I
decided to make her a mini version of
the co Aiken she really likes larger one
I've been carrying so she wanted a
little something smaller unfortunately I
couldn't go thinner stock just because
it's such a pain to remove material the
blade steel and this is the same as the
larger quake in its s 125v super hard
stuff rock walls out like 71 or
something like that extremely abrasion
resistant so the problem lies in taking
the material down from where it's at
it's a bit difficult especially since I
don't have a surface grinder at the
moment but yeah so I made a three-inch
blade version this is a four-inch blade
so you can kind of see the size
difference here all close together if I
can we go so it's about an inch
difference handle and then inch blade
you can see it a little better
did the backspacer a bit different on
this one hard to see it I'm milled
jimping but I also milled straight down
the center this one is just straight
jumping same frame thickness it's like
1020 thousands little over blade
thickness is 200 thousands on both of
them so same width wise thickness or
excuse me I'm sorry the titanium on this
one is 316 187 so it's a bit thinner
then this one is sorry mine's a lefty
hers is RIT so set them up so you can
see thickness difference alright
one-handed this is a bit difficult
thickness wise hard to tell in the video
you can't tell a lot as I Billy edges
quite a bit it's oh about 40,000 s
difference i guess so like I said 316 s
on the mini and then just under a
quarter on the larger one I have I did
change a couple things since I prototype
this first one I switched over to a
three sixteenth stop pin over the eighth
inch stop in just one the little extra
beefiness to it it's got a bearing
system on the pivot on both of them I
have a new bearing system that I'm
developing right now prototyping i may
do another quake and I'm thinking maybe
in a 15 with this new bearing system
just to test it and then it's off to the
Patent Office so you guys probably won't
see it for a little while but I can
guarantee you it's going to be even more
epic than the hrd system so I'll let you
look this one over this one I put some
bronze phosphorus spacers in there I
didn't have any titanium that was as
thick as this blade so I needed to space
it so i thought this bronze would look
pretty good gives it just a little bit
of color i did modify also i brought the
lock bar a little further forward then
on this one just a touch about 30
thousands i wanted it as close to the
pivot as possible that leads to the
strongest lock so i relieved the lock
bar for the bearing so you can just see
the red part there that's the bearing
and smooth out the gym ping so doesn't
Jam your finger when he hit the flipper
my fingers a little tore up from the
grinder or so I kind of I kind of do it
from the corner of my finger here but I
said the detents pretty tight because my
wife Megan she really likes a kind of an
assisted opener kind of so really
doesn't take much and I'm just barely
pushing on the thing
it's a lock of
this one doesn't have my hrd system
neither does this one honestly it's just
prototyping them so I didn't have a
chance to really put it in there some of
the ones that are going to be coming out
from water jet here in the next couple
of months will have the hrd system in it
by request sex your 20 bucks if you guys
want to look at that it's all up on my
website but there she is guys so hope
you enjoy the video a good scene II will
talk to you later